hi guys it's me again this isn't that
they'd gift use probably expecting but
that will be out next don't worry I
haven't forgot about it but basically I
was like when I said I was going on to
market this is my way of making money
now I don't want everyone to rush in and
go oh I'm going to start using this
method as well because it won't work
that way it only works if you use it on
one plane it has to be your own play
can't use it on the same play she will
pull up and ever the market will just
crash and then everything will be priced
wrong basically one here to say is a
this is my technique of making money so
I you Sonia but you can use any one that
you can afford you could use a
down in fall you want like 500 coins or
whoever's like three cheap and cheerful
but basically got make sure they sell
all right what you do is you look for
prayer certain player and you look for
the lowest bid price first or like a bit
that's very low or hasn't got bid on and
see second of all you look and then you
look you have that to watch this light
blows one then go to you by now and put
by now of six like like a reasonable
price to keep going up like obviously go
give it a bit ly way so I went five
thousand there's nothing on that saying
there were six bowels and there was
nothing there Sonny now in 6500 and
there's one up let me show you that but
then I then I went up a bit more seed
price range which themselves and then
the next highest one up with 7,000 so
instantly I can make profit just from
buying this one if I really wanna see
then you've got is keep this one in your
watch list though if you think you can
get gets its keeper and you will make
more profit this is a very effective
ways now to do it I'll see you've got
you gotta keep switching players as you
get there it's good just to make that a
few thousand coin profit or so so I
think that so now white and if i can get
this one for six thousand seven 6800
that's 200 on to the seven thousand and
some will buy in because he's keeper
they probably is this in 5 to t1
amazing and he's right back so it's
really helped but hopefully so will be
suckered in and they were buying that's
just basically my little tip tip of the
day thief 12 on the tip of the day and
I'll see Oh Joey guys in the day gift
wherever I got and so thanks for
watching like comment subscribe rate all
that gay things yeah okay see